Poll initially supported use of aliases. A user would setup a poll with with one keyword and the responses would be mapped to aliases.A response could have one or more aliases seperated with commas.
For example, in version 2.1.3, a poll would look like this

Poll Name : Football Poll
Keyword : Football

Responses         |   Aliases
Manchester United |   Manu, Manchster
Arsenal           |   Arsenal, Ars

With version 2.2 as a user you can create a poll with a top level keyword and the aliases are now converted to second level keywords.

In version 2.2.0 Polls would look like this

Poll Name: Footbal Poll
TopLevel Keyword : Football, Foot, Footy

Responses         |   Second Level Keywords
Manchester United |   Manu, Manchster
Arsenal           |   Arsenal, Ars, Arnl

AS you can see from above the aliases have been replaced with second level keywords. The top level keyword is optional.
If a top level keyword is provided messages will be mapped to resposes as follows

Incoming Message | Response Mapped To
football manu | Mancheter United
foot manu | Mancheter United
footy manu | Mancheter United
football arsenal | Arsenal
football ars | Arsenal
footy arsenal | Arsenal
foot arsl | Arsenal

If the top level keyword is not provided, then the incoming messages will be mapped to resposes as follows

Incoming Message | Response Mapped To
manu | Mancheter United
manchester | Mancheter United
arsenal | Arsenal
ars | Arsenal

The person texting in only needs to test in at least one of the second level keywords.

This feature is quite usefull if you want frontlinesms to handle spelling mistakes. For example, for the top level keyword one can have rthe keywords football, footbal, fotball. This spelling handling also applies to second level keywords

Validation of keywords
All keywords, toplevel or second level keywords need to be unique within that activity. Therefore, the Football poll described above have football as a top level keyword and also as a second level keyword. Likewise keywords among the second level keywords need to be unique among themselves.
In any poll if the top level keyword is not provided, then the second level keywords will be treated as top level.
### Important : Top level keywords need to be unique across all activities. A poll and an autoreply cannot share a top level keywords. For more information regarding keywords in autoreplies see the autoreply section.

